1) Linear Regression

2) Logisitc Regression - Used when dependent variable is binary (0/ 1, True/ False, Yes/ No) in nature. It is widely used for classification probelms.
  It requires large sample sizes. There should be no collinearity. If the values of dependent variable is ordinal, then it is called as Ordinal logistic regression
  If dependent variable is multi class then it is known as Multinomial Logistic regression.
  
3) Polynomial Regression - A regression equation is a polynomial regression equation if the power of independent variable is more than 1.

4) Stepwise Regression - Selection of variables is done by observing R2 value, etc. Stepwise regression basically fits the regression model by adding/dropping co-variates 
  one at a time based on a specified criterion.
  
  Standard stepwise regression does two things. It adds and removes predictors as needed for each step.
  Forward selection starts with most significant predictor in the model and adds variable for each step.
  Backward elimination starts with all predictors in the model and removes the least significant variable for each step.
  
  The aim of this modeling technique is to maximize the prediction power with minimum number of predictor variables.
  
5) Ridge Regression - Ridge Regression is a technique used when the data suffers from multicollinearity. It uses L2 or Ridge Regularization. Ridge regression shrinks
  the value of coefficients but doesn’t reaches zero. Simply add lambda * sum(theta) square to the error term. 
  
6) Lasso (Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator) Regression - Uses L1 or Lasso Regularization. It is similar to Ridge, just that it uses absolute values of theta in
  the error function. Lasso Regression shrinks coefficients to zero (exactly zero). If group of predictors are highly correlated, lasso picks only one of them and shrinks
  the others to zero.
  
7) ElasticNet Regression - hybrid of Lasso and Ridge Regresssion. Add absolute and squared terms to error function. 

Other regression types are Bayesian, Ecological and Robust Regression.
